mailer-daemon:	postmaster
postmaster:	root
bin:		root
daemon:		root
adm:		root
lp:		root
sync:		root
shutdown:	root
halt:		root
mail:		root
news:		root
uucp:		root
operator:	root
games:		root
gopher:		root
ftp:		root
nobody:		root
vcsa:		root
canna:		root
wnn:		root
rpm:		root
nscd:		root
pcap:		root
apache:		root
webalizer:	root
radvd:		root
pvm:		root
amanda:		root
privoxy:	root
ident:		root
named:		root
xfs:		root
gdm:		root
mailnull:	root
postgres:	root
sshd:		root
smmsp:		root
postfix:	root
netdump:	root
ldap:		root
squid:		root
ntp:		root
mysql:		root
desktop:	root
rpcuser:	root
rpc:		root
nfsnobody:	root
bacula: 	root

ingres:		root
system:		root
toor:		root
manager:	root
dumper:		root
abuse:		root
certmaster:	root

# mailman aliases
mailman:	postmaster
mailman-owner:	mailman

newsadm:	news
newsadmin:	news
usenet:		news
ftpadm:		ftp
ftpadmin:	ftp
ftp-adm:	ftp
ftp-admin:	ftp

# trap decode to catch security attacks
decode:		root

# Person who should get root's mail
root:		qing

# Personal aliases
webmaster:	systems_team	


# general aliases

qing:      	qing@hq.meetup.com
anne:		anne@hq.meetup.com


# softeng (for CVSSpam)
systems_team:   qing, icorbett, wayne, troy, brandon, alessandro, arnaud


#qa stuff

anne_test01:      anne
anne_test02:      anne
anne_test03:      anne
anne_test04:      anne
anne_test05:      anne
anne_test06:      anne
anne_test07:      anne
anne_test08:      anne
anne_test09:      anne
anne_test10:      anne
anne_test11:      anne
anne_test12:      anne
anne_test13:      anne
anne_test14:      anne
anne_test15:      anne
anne_test16:      anne
anne_test17:      anne
anne_test18:      anne
anne_test19:      anne
anne_test20:      anne
anne_test21:      anne
anne_test22:      anne
anne_test23:      anne
anne_test24:      anne
anne_test25:      anne
anne_test26:      anne
anne_test27:      anne
anne_test28:      anne
anne_test29:      anne
anne_test30:      anne
anne_test31:      anne
anne_test32:      anne
anne_test33:      anne
anne_test34:      anne
anne_test35:      anne
anne_test36:      anne
anne_test37:      anne
anne_test38:      anne
anne_test39:      anne
anne_test40:      anne